Hello, welcome to Policy One. We are
insurance experts who will give you
only expert advice.
For expert advice related to insurance, you
can click on the link given in the description box and book your call
with our experts, that too as per
your convenience. Today we are going to talk about
an ICICI Lord plan. The
name of the plan is ICICI Lord Health Shield 360.
In today's time, health care has become
a major concern for everyone, no matter
where they live or where they go.
ICICI Lord Health Shield 360
is the ultimate health insurance policy that
provides basic medical support, worldwide
coverage, and also helps in managing your health.
ICICI Lord Health Shield 360 not only
provides basic coverage to the health insurance policyholder but also
provides worldwide coverage.
Within this health insurance policy, this
policy provides optional covers like inpatient, outpatient,
hospitalization, pre- and post-
hospitalization, day care procedures, emergency expenses,
emergency domestic and air
ambulance, maternity benefits.  It
covers wide inpatient hospitalization and much more.
First, let us know
what is the eligibility of this plan. People between 21 years
to 70 years are eligible in this policy. Cover is also available
for children from 21 days to 20 years.
In this plan, i.e.
ICICI Lombard Health Shield 360,
hospitalization cover, day care, surgeries,
treatments coverage, pre and post
hospitalization, inpatient AYUSH treatment,
OPD charges, ambulance cover, wellness
program, teleconsultation,
preventive health care checkup, maternity are covered.
You will also get the option of a reset benefit in this. Reset means that if the
sum insured gets reduced due to a previous claim,
then the reset benefit can be used
for an unlimited number of times in a policy year.
This feature ensures
that you always have the required coverage, no matter
how many
claims you have. Now let us know about the benefits of ICICI Lombard Health Shield 360. The
first benefit of this plan is that it  There are
360-degree wellness programs
that offer policyholders a more holistic wellness
benefit. This includes a wellness
program that helps track your health. You can
use it in a health assistance setup. The next benefit is that if the
policyholder is above 55 years of age
or less, they do not need a
pre-policy medical
examination to avail the health policy. As
mentioned earlier, the Unlimited
Reset Benefit ensures that the
insured continues to receive coverage after the maximum sum insured limit is reached.
When your basic sum insured is exhausted,
it is
restored in the same policy year, allowing
you to avail additional coverage.
What is not covered under this policy?
Hospitalization, out of war, riot strike,
nuclear weapon, intentional self-injury,
AIDS, miscarriage, abortion, continental disease,
infertility in withdrawal, fertilization will not be covered. The
coverage under this policy will commence for the listed elements.  12 months and
pre
agistified
then like and subscribe us
we have made videos on ic aase lombard before also
you
can check out once by going to the playlist till then bye bye
and take care